update steps for cluster page changes (#11883)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md

## Serverless Tier

For Serverless Tier clusters, you can connect to your cluster via standard connection or via Chat2Query (Beta) in the TiDB Cloud console.

- [Connect via standard connection](/tidb-cloud/connect-via-standard-connection.md#serverless-tier)

    The standard connection exposes a public endpoint with traffic filters, so you can connect to your TiDB cluster via a SQL client from your laptop.

    Serverless Tier only [supports TLS connections](/tidb-cloud/secure-connections-to-serverless-tier-clusters.md), which ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

- Chat2Query (Beta)

>     Chat2Query is an AI-powered SQL editor in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), which allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically. To access Chat2Query, go to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, choose a target project in the left navigation pane if you have multiple projects, click your cluster name, and then click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane.

Author: ```suggestion
    Chat2Query is an AI-powered SQL editor in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), which allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier. In Chat2Query, you can type `--` and your instructions to let AI generate SQL queries automatically. To access Chat2Query, go to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, choose a target project in the left navigation pane if you have multiple projects, click your cluster name, and then click **Chat2Query** in the left navigation pane.
```

    Serverless Tier only [supports TLS connections](/tidb-cloud/secure-connections-to-serverless-tier-clusters.md), which ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

- Chat2Query (Beta)

>     Chat2Query is a web-based SQL editor in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), which allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically. To access Chat2Query, go to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, click your cluster name, and select **Chat2Query** on the left navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Chat2Query is a web-based SQL editor in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), which allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically. To access Chat2Query, go to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, choose a target project in the left navigation pane if you have multiple projects, click your cluster name, and select **Chat2Query** on the left navigation bar.
```
